Welcome to Bethel.
Please come in.
The wonderful truths about Jehovah
and his purpose
have touched the hearts of millions
of people earth wide.
This has moved many
to visit the branch offices
of Jehovah’s Witnesses
in countries around the world.
Why are such branch offices necessary?
In order for life-giving truths
to reach everyone,
the preaching work
must be organized.
A Branch Committee oversees
all Bethel operations.
These brothers
also look after the preaching work
throughout the branch territory.
Our translation teams
translate articles and videos
into several local languages.
These are recorded
and made available on jw.org
or sent electronically for printing.
The activity of traveling overseers
as well as nearly 200 special pioneers
and missionaries
is coordinated by the Service Department.
These brothers also take care of organizing
the more than 130 congregations
throughout the branch territory.
With the growth of Kingdom interests,
comes a constant need
for more theocratic buildings.
The Local Design/Construction Department
cares for construction projects
such as Kingdom Halls and Assembly Halls.
It also cares for operating
and maintaining these buildings.
Jehovah’s Witnesses
have a deep respect for life
and want the best possible medical care.
The Hospital Information Desk
provides assistance
with nonblood medical management.
It coordinates
with Hospital Liaison Committees (HLC)
and cooperative doctors
around the country.
A lack of transport
and poor road conditions
make it really a challenge
for the HLC members
to travel around the country
to visit the hospitals and the clinics.
But their self-sacrificing spirit
and the love they have for the brothers,
along with some fine medical presentations,
have really had a positive effect
on many doctors and hospital staff,
who are now willing
to use nonblood treatment
in working with our brothers and sisters.
So we can honestly say
that we have seen
Jehovah’s rich blessing and direction
on the work of the HLC brothers.
All who live and work here
are part of what we call
the Bethel family.
We call it a family
because that is how we
truly feel about one another.
Just as you have
your family worship every week,
so the Bethel family does the same.
We have the morning worship program.
We also have
the weekly Watchtower Study.
These help to keep the family
spiritually strong.
They also help keep the family united.
Some Bethelites work in offices.
Others work in supportive departments.
Regardless of what job we are assigned,
why are we willing
and happy to be doing this work?
Because it is sacred service.
It helps to promote the furthering
of Kingdom interests and brings glory
and honor to our God, Jehovah.